# Transfer Page

## Summary

This page allows users to transfer any lifted tokens on tier2.

## Transfering tokens

To transfer tokens, the following fields must be specified:
  - `Relayer`: The account who will pay AVT and send the signed transfer transaction to the AvN. This account can be the same as the `From` account described below.
  - `Relayer public key`: Auto populated field that shows the public key of the selected relayer
  - `Sender public key`: The public key of the account who is sending the tokens
  - `Receiver public key`: The public key of the account who is receiving the tokens
  - `Token`: The Ethereum address of the token being transfered
  - `Amount to transfer`: The amount of tokens being transfered, in wei (18 decimal places)
  - `Sender proof`: A signature, signed by the sender, authorising the relayer to send a `transfer` transaction on their behalf for the specified amount. This field is automatically populated

There are also 2 information only fields:
  - `Sender token balance`: Sender's token balance on tier2
  - `Receiver token balance`: Receiver's token balance on tier2

## Generating transfer proofs

If users want to generate a transfer proof, but not send the transaction to the AvN on tier2, they can fill in the correct data and click on `Generate transfer signature only`. This will create a proof (signature) that can be copied.

## Unlocking accounts

Before an account is able to sign, it needs to be unlocked. The first time users get to this page, they would be prompted to unlock the selected `Sender public key` accouont. Clicking on `Unlock account` will bring up a modal where users can type the password and click on `unlock`.

## Tracking progress

The `Transfer progress` field will display the logs generated by the transfer page.
